{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"about.md","tooltip":"/about.md","value":"---\nlayout: page\ntitle: about\npermalink: /about/\n---\n\n<b>Detective Weird</b> is a paranormal comic that follows the misfit and crazy crew of “Detective Weird”, a blog run help service that assists in cases of the paranormal. \n\nLife is not normal for Edgar, Darrien, and Penny. In fact, it’s quite the opposite. With Edgar running the show and Darrien and Penny trying to keep everything in place, this comic shows just how chaotic the world and friendship can be!\n\nBut don’t just sit there! The detective trio are ready to sail off and help you find the answers to each case!\n\nJust remember: <b>Don’t be normal. Be weird!</b>\n\n\nCurrent Case: <b>001 Frostbite</b>- Edgar is ready to show the world he has what it takes to be a paranormal detective. But, when he gets called in on a case of murder in a small Montana town, he finds he may have bite off more than he can handle! However, Edgar is not ready to give up yet. He plans to track down the monster tormenting the souls of this town and put a stop to it!\n\nThat is, if he knows what he is doing!\n\n\nDetective Weird offers more than just a comic! Be sure to check out the links below!\n\n<a href=\"http://but-iloveweird.tumblr.com/\">Ask-Blog</a>\n<a href=\" \"> Twitter </a>\n<a href=\" \"> Deviantart </a>\n\n\n<a href=\" http://prinnyoverlordally.tumblr.com/\"> My Tumblr </a>\n<a href=\"http://prinnyoverlordally.deviantart.com/\"> My Deviantart </a> \n","undoManager":{"mark":13,"position":17,"stack":[[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":14,"column":43},"action":"remove","lines":["---","layout: page","title: About","permalink: /about/","---","","Some information about you!","","### More Information","","A place to include any other types of information that you'd like to include about yourself. ","","### Contact me","","[email@domain.com](mailto:email@domain.com)"]},{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":23,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["<b>Detective Weird</b> is a paranormal comic that follows the misfit and crazy crew of “Detective Weird”, a blog run help service that assists in cases of the paranormal. ","","Life is not normal for Edgar, Darrien, and Penny. In fact, it’s quite the opposite. With Edgar running the show and Darrien and Penny trying to keep everything in place, this comic shows just how chaotic the world and friendship can be!","","But don’t just sit there! The detective trio are ready to sail off and help you find the answers to each case!","","Just remember: <b>Don’t be normal. Be weird!</b>","","--","Current Case: <b>001 Frostbite</b>- Edgar is ready to show the world he has what it takes to be a paranormal detective. But, when he gets called in on a case of murder in a small Montana town, he finds he may have bite off more than he can handle! However, Edgar is not ready to give up yet. He plans to track down the monster tormenting the souls of this town and put a stop to it!","","That is, if he knows what he is doing!","--","","Detective Weird offers more than just a comic! Be sure to check out the links below!","","<a href=\"http://but-iloveweird.tumblr.com/\">Ask-Blog</a>","<a href=\" \"> Twitter </a>","<a href=\" \"> Deviantart </a>","","","<a href=\" http://prinnyoverlordally.tumblr.com/\"> My Tumblr </a>","<a href=\"http://prinnyoverlordally.deviantart.com/\"> My Deviantart </a> ",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":12,"column":0},"end":{"row":12,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["--"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":0},"end":{"row":8,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["--"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":1,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":1,"column":0},"end":{"row":2,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":3,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["---","layout: page","title: 404 - Page not found","---"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":2,"column":7},"end":{"row":2,"column":27},"action":"remove","lines":["404 - Page not found"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":2,"column":7},"end":{"row":2,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["A"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":2,"column":8},"end":{"row":2,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":2,"column":9},"end":{"row":2,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":2,"column":10},"end":{"row":2,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":2,"column":11},"end":{"row":2,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":2,"column":12},"end":{"row":2,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":2,"column":12},"end":{"row":2,"column":13},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":2,"column":7},"end":{"row":2,"column":8},"action":"remove","lines":["A"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":2,"column":7},"end":{"row":2,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":2,"column":12},"end":{"row":3,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":3,"column":0},"end":{"row":3,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["permalink: /about/"]}]}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":3,"column":18},"end":{"row":3,"column":18},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1424282324704}